===== BetFury review =====

BetFury Casino is a rare case of a decentralized casino and has gained a fair reputation over the short years of its operation. It’s an entirely custom-developed casino , which means you can expect almost everything to be unique . From their in-house games to bonuses and plenty of other features you can’t see in other crypto casinos.

They boast with one of the longest lists of accepted cryptocurrencies , the most extensive welcome bonus collection of all crypto casinos, and a flawless user experience . If you’re ever in doubt, some casinos (although few) show clear signs that your experience is important. For example, BetFury has a Bug Bounty program to hunt for flaws in their software and lightning-fast support.

You will also find unique daily tasks to keep you engaged, multiple faucets, and BetFury’s own Binance Smart Chain token , BFG, which can be bought, mined, staked , and traded, to name only a few perks. Find out more in the BetFury Casino Review.

BetFury offers so many ways to get bonuses, cash prizes, or some award or reload that it's tough to wrap your mind around all of it. But that's a good thing! You will find the most extensive welcome package of all crypto casinos, low wagering requirements, and plenty of unique promotions like Crypto Boxes, Daily Tasks, and FuryCharge.

The BetFury no deposit bonus has changed, and unfortunately, it’s a massive downgrade from what we originally had. Instead of the 100 free spins with a 35x wagering requirement, the new bonus now offers 50 free spins with a 40x wagering requirement .

Compared to the original exclusive deal, this feels like a major step back . Not only has the free spins count been cut in half, but wagering has increased, and the max cashout is extremely low. And even if you do hit a big win, you won’t be able to withdraw anything beyond $10 , which really limits the potential of this offer. I'm hoping that BetFury improves this bonus in the future, and you can rest assured that I’ll be pushing for a better deal soon . But until then, if you're looking for higher-value no deposit free spins, check out these alternatives that offer way more bang for your buck:

There are three welcome bonus tiers available, depending on your deposit amount. Each of the bonuses also comes with a "boost," adding 10-20% to the bonus if you claim it in the first 10 minutes of being eligible. The highest welcome bonus you can get, including all boosts, is 590% up to $10,500 + 225 free spins !

All bonuses have a wagering requirement of 40x on bonus. You can seamlessly utilize the free spins whether playing on BetFury mobile or the web version. This is by far the most extensive and diverse welcome offer of all crypto casinos ! The deposit bonuses aren't the highest in their amounts. Still, the wagering requirements are the industry average, which gives you decent odds of keeping your wins! For more and higher deposit bonuses, I suggest you look at the mBit Casino review .

BetFury has two different faucet types you can use daily! The first is a daily wheel spin , something we're getting used to in crypto casinos, where you can win up to 1 BTC . The smallest prize on the wheel is 8000 FUNFURY, BetFury's free play token, which can be used on daily battles, where you can still win real money rewards. The second one is the free BTC box : you can get 42.17 Satoshi every hour, adding up to 0.01012 mBTC every day! This one is available from the 2nd VIP level on. You must wager at least $3000 to get to level 2. If you plan on using any welcome packages and wagering through, you will already be at least level 2. The other crypto boxes must be bought and are available for all players. They work like bank deposits : you buy a box for up to 30 days and get your total amount back + interest after this period. There are different boxes for different cryptocurrencies, and you can only use each box once, so plan carefully!

The BetFury Cashback is a weekly feature, giving you back from 1-25% , depending on your VIP level. There is no wagering or upper limit to how much you can get back, making this cashback one of the best crypto cashback bonuses of all crypto casinos! To get 25% back with 0x wagering is extremely rare!

There aren't many casinos that offer a rakeback as it is, and BetFury offers two... kind of. The first rakeback is available from VIP level 3, starts with 3%, and climbs up to 10% at the highest VIP level. While it's fantastic for a casino to offer a rakeback because they are rare, I have to compare BetFury rakeback to other casinos' rakebacks to estimate if it's competitive. And in this case, I have to be honest: this rakeback could be better :

In comparison, Stake.com offers a 10% exclusive rakeback right from the start without limitations. Apart from the rakeback, BetFury offers what they call the FuryCharge , which is available from VIP level 5 and is also a sort of rakeback. You must wager at least $1000 in the last 7 days to activate it. Then the bonus accumulates over time in this 'charge' as you play games. BetFury doesn't say how exactly this is calculated, but you can be sure it takes into account the amount you wager and the RTP of the games you play. The more you wager and the lower the RTP, the more you get. Then this amount is multiplied by two factors:

If you claim this bonus up to every 60 minutes, the time factor is 1x, every 6 hours, it's 0.9x, and every 24 hours or more, it's 0.75x. In other words, the higher your VIP level and the more frequently you claim it, the more you get.

From VIP level 2 on, you can complete daily tasks on BetFury's in-house games. The tasks are similar, and all require you to either complete a number of rounds on a game or win a certain amount of times with a specific setting or outcome. The reward from the tasks is free BTC between 0.01 and 0.05 mBTC. This could technically be another faucet.

Apart from tournaments in collaboration with game providers, BetFury also has plenty of its own events. There is a 'tournament' on the BetFury Telegram channel twice a month, a lottery of all social shares of your wins on social media like Twitter, and two daily battles, one with fun tokens and one for real money wagering. In my opinion, BetFury has an excellent bonus offer altogether. There are tons of bonuses for every player, no matter which gambling stage you are on. You also have all types of bonuses with a low 35x wagering. The only thing I miss is some free spins bonuses after the welcome packages, but other than that, BetFury has it all.

To claim your no deposit bonus, you’ll need to use the promo code GMB50 .

You will find all the popular RNG and live games (slots, poker, roulette, blackjack, baccarat)!

BetFury offers one of the most complete casino game collections. You can find everything at Betfury. They have it all, whether it's jackpot games, table games, live casino, provably fair games, or some obscure game.

They offer over 5000 games from over 60 game providers . More importantly, they have an extensive collection of their own in-house, provably fair games , covering slots, wheel spin, coin flip, crash, limbo, dice, keno, hi-lo, mines, Plinko, and more. The only types of games you won't find are in-house table games like poker, roulette, or blackjack. If you want to try those with a provably fair feature, then BC.Game will be your best option.

The casino lobby is a modern dark grey with custom game thumbnails and custom everything else - from the side menus to their mascot. You can really tell when a casino develops its own software and its look along the way. Things are unique, features work, and everything is detailed and well thought out. One way to tell when a casino did something good is when others start copying them. And BetFury (among a few others) is one such casino.

You can filter games from the menu and refine them by game providers or by choosing one of the recommended features like the bonus buy or 'new'. After opening each game, you will find the game details under the game, like the RTP again, volatility, bet limits, and so on. Not all games show all info, but it's nice that BetFury tries to keep things clear.

What I like is that they show RTP for every game they offer. This is something all casinos should show clearly. BetFury even shows something they call the 'eRTP'. Honestly, I've had quite a lot of trouble understanding what exactly this is (and I studied math!!).

In BetFury's words, eRTP is the 'Effective RTP with bonuses for your current Rank'. I think it's a bit misleading to name this RTP and place it right next to the actual RTP because eRTP has nothing to do with the game itself. Basically, this considers the cashback, rakeback, and FuryCharge for your level and calculates how much more money you can statistically 'get' by playing a game, including these bonuses and rewards. And here is the catch. You don't actually win anything more, regardless of your bonuses. It's just that these bonuses reward you for wagering, and effectively, you end up with more money. This is a marketing stunt ; every casino with a cashback bonus could do this. I don't like this because many people don't understand in detail how games work and where the RTP comes from, and it doesn't seem fair to me to abuse that.

All games can also be played for free; you can pick your favorites and see the game history in your account.

Like the casino lobby, the sports lobby is dark grey with nicely designed boxes for matches and popular events. They offer 30 sports and 15 eSports , which you might have to search for a bit more because they are not all in the esports category.

Although BetFury is a crypto-only casino, they restrict a longer list of countries from playing . Their website is only in English , and you can deposit in crypto or buy crypto using MoonPay . What stands out most is that they accept over 50 cryptocurrencies , which is more than 90% of crypto casinos! You can see all the lists in the details section of the BetFury review.

They even have their own token, called the BFG , made on the Binance Smart Chain, and can be mined playing BetFury games. You can buy BFG on exchanges like Biswap and then stake it to earn money in BFG or USDT, ETH, BTC, BNB, and TRX.

They use entirely custom-developed software and design with many unique features you can't find anywhere else. Their website might not be the fastest due to all the different functionalities they have, but it doesn't affect your experience, and everything works flawlessly. The colors are dark grey with nice custom game thumbnails, they use their own mascot and custom icons, everything is interlinked nicely, menus and the footer and useful, and you can access a lot of features without leaving the page you're on.

The first sign that a casino cares about user experience is that they use their own software. There is no other way to tailor a casino according to the players' needs. Another sign is that they offer a bug bounty program , meaning that you can get rewarded if you find a bug in their software and report it. The only other casino I know of with a bug bounty program is Cloudbet, another casino with its own software.

All information is easy enough to find, and there is even a whitepaper on BetFury because it's a decentralized casino , BetFury Docs with terms and details, and a news section. You might need some getting used to all the different promotions they have. Due to the promotions being of different types and some related to the loyalty program and some not, not all promotions are in one place, but the number and the quality of promotions more than outweigh a few more moments of your acclimatization.

There are no annoying popups, either. Some of the promotions and in-house games will open a notification if a new look or functionality is available, but you can always check the box not to show it anymore.

BetFury is accessible using VPN (I used UrbanVPN). There is no BetFury app , unfortunately, but the website is responsive and works well across devices.

You need to wager your deposit amount only once before being eligible for a withdrawal.

BetFury is a crypto-only casino, and it's decentralized, so anonymity isn't an issue . Although you must enter your email and country at signup, there is no option to enter anything else anywhere, which means the usual: if you don't abuse the system and act suspiciously, no questions will be asked.

Some countries might block BetFury's URL, and you might get an error when looking for BetFury login or signup. If that happens, you can always use the Play Now button in this review, which works on any device worldwide. When you arrive at the casino's website:

The username can be set later in your account. For BetFury login, the process is the same; you log in using your email and password. The alternative is to use Telegram, Google, Tron Wallet, Metamask, Binance Chain, or Coin 98 to sign up and log in. To additionally secure your account, you can set up 2fa in your account.

BetFury accepts over 50 cryptocurrencies and offers the buy crypto option through MoonPay . You will find all your deposit and withdrawal limits in your wallet:

These are some of the best payment limitations you can find in crypto casinos. Also, nothing is limited by your account level.

Support is one of the best and will sure take care of all your needs!

If you don't uncheck the newsletter box, you are automatically signed up for BetFury's newsletter at signup. You can always edit this setting in your user account.

Their returning player promotions include two daily faucets, a cashback, and a whole lot of promotions that become accessible as you climb the loyalty ladder, like rakeback, FuryCharge (also a sort of rakeback), and daily tasks. Then there are battles and tournaments, some hosted on social media and some in the casino.

You shouldn't have a problem finding enough to do in BetFury as a returning player. However, you won't find typical free spins or reload bonuses. If you're set on using those instead of a bit different promotions at BetFury, then I recommend BitStarz or mBit . The best thing about BetFury's returning player promotions is that there is no wagering ever!

Their loyalty program isn't the most accessible compared to others because you have to wager more than average to climb higher. And it's not VIP either because compared to the VIP programs you can find in BC.Game or BitStarz , there simply isn't enough exclusivity. But for a loyalty program, they offer an amazing selection of features . There aren't just higher bonuses like you usually get in other casinos. There are also promotions completely unique to BetFury, faucets, and daily tasks to keep you entertained.

When it comes to support, I have no comment. They use the best live chat software, support is fast, they give human responses, and the bot is used only to forward you to the right agent.

BetFury's loyalty program is an excellent addition to your gaming experience because, like most other things at BetFury, it is unique. Although it's not among the cheapest loyalty programs, it offers many features you can't get elsewhere .

If you're already a VIP on another platform, Betfury welcomes you with open arms! You just need to prove your VIP status by sending a screenshot, then wager at least $200,000 during the 30-day trial period, and you become a Betfury VIP with all the perks! Pretty cool transfer feature right there.

When you reach level 2, you also get access to daily tasks , which reward you for playing BetFury's in-house games and achieving certain wins under set conditions.

The FuryCharge is also some sort of rakeback, accumulating bonus money according to how much you wager and which games you play. Then it multiplies the bonus with the FuryCharge multiplier.

With level 2, you also get access to the second faucet , the free BTC box, where you can get up to 0.01012 mBTC daily!

Also, from level 2, you can play 'Catch MR. Fury ', the mascot. It can appear randomly on the screen, and if you click on it in time, it rewards you with BFG, where the amount depends on your level. This is similar to what BC.Game has done.

Live chat agents give usefull and to the point answers and they are both professional and friendly. You have to talk to a bot before getting to an agent.

BetFury's support is one of the best I've encountered so far. Although it's tough to estimate how good support is based solely on one person's experience, I've taken the poor agent through quite a rollercoaster, badgering her about what's up with their eRTP, and she held up very well.

Although you get greeted by a bot when you start a chat, that is all you must endure bot-wise. It will recommend a few categories to redirect you to the right agent, and after a few seconds, you will already be on the line with the agent.

The agents respond fast , don't keep you waiting, give good answers and explain things to the best of their abilities.

The live chat app BetFury uses is also one of the best , in my opinion, because it stores all your past chats, connects to their blog or news site, so you can read articles while you're chatting, and it just overall works great. There is no extra info to enter, you can upload files, and it stays open no matter what you do, even if you open a new window.

You can activate self-exclusion or time limits in BetFury. Both are accessible from the website's footer or your account settings. BetFury is the first casino with its own software that has made an effort to include these tools without contacting support. It's rare to see casinos invest in something that doesn't have the potential to convert into profit, so hats down for this!

BetFury uses all sorts of social channels and really tries to keep players engaged by organizing tournaments on Telegram, lotteries on Twitter, and more! You can find BetFury on Twitter, Steemit, Youtube, Telegram, Discord, Bitcointalk, Reddit, TikTok, Pinterest, and Instagram.

The best way to join their groups or to find their accounts is to follow their social links in the casino's footer. There are too many spam account duplicates nowadays, and you shouldn't trust anything you don't find on the casino's website.

===== Bons Casino review =====

Definitely an interesting casino, this Bons Casino Review reveals lots of unique casino features you won’t get elsewhere, like detailed game filtering , split view gamepla y, monthly achievements , the bonus shop , and more! They don’t appear as a very modern or highly developed casino at first, but don’t let first appearances fool you. Unlike many copy-paste casinos, Bons Casino screams uniqueness, which is a very valuable thing to look for in a crypto casino.

I believe that with a new look, Bons could rival even the best of crypto casinos , and I’m eager to see where the road takes them.

As you will see throughout this Bons Casino Review, Bons does a lot of things uniquely, or at least very thoroughly, something you rarely see in online casinos. They offer bonuses, tournaments, lottery, achievements, and even a bonus shop !

Before we delve in, a small heads up: since Bons has so many different promotions, it can become a bit confusing finding them all and getting your head around where what is.

In your account, under Promotions, you will find currently available bonuses under Gifts, achievements, and the Bonus Shop. In the side menu, there are all available bonuses under Promotions, tournaments, contests, lottery, and, once again, a link to achievements. And lastly, in the site's footer, there is a link to the loyalty program with some other promotions.

If you're after no deposit bonuses , sadly, they don't come as a part of the welcome package, although Bons Casino does use them. They are available by getting achievements , something I will explain along the way.

There are 3 different first deposit options depending on your deposit amount, and you can couple any of them with additional free spins, free bets, or live roulette vouchers.

Interestingly enough, the less you deposit, the higher the bonus percentage . I'm used to seeing this the other way around. However, the wagering applies to bonus+deposit amount, meaning the higher the percentage, the more you have to wager.

I already wrote 200 free spins next to all three options, but this is already one of the additional bonuses you can use along with the first deposit. These are all the additional options:

The deposit page in Bons Casino displays all these options nicely, along with all the details, so you know what to choose.

Obviously, the best first deposit option is the 500% + 200 free spins . I doubt you will be able to find many 500% bonuses, and 200 free spins isn't a low number either. Sadly, 35x wagering on bonus+deposit is very high, so this is the only thing that would make me think twice. If you're looking for high bonuses AND low wagering, I suggest paying a visit to Coins.Game Review and FortuneJack Review .

The wagering here becomes normal, or even low, from the fourth deposit bonus onward. However, so do the percentages. Overall, the welcome package isn't among the highest you can get, nor with the best conditions. The option to couple spins, free bets, and vouchers wherever you like, though, is nice.

Bons Casino has so many returning player bonuses and promotions that I didn't know where to even begin. In fact, they can easily rival even the best in this category , Stake.com , which is known for its numerous tournaments.

Then there are two loyalty bonuses, but you can use both as a new player. A weekly cashback and a rakeback.

The weekly cashback goes up to 20% with no wagering for the top loyalty levels. First-level players get 10% with 6x wagering, and you must deposit the cashback amount before being eligible for a claim.

The rakeback is called a 'rebate' in Bons and goes up to 0.25% with no wagering for the top levels. At level 1, you get 0.05% with 6x wagering. This is the percentage you get for playing slot games. For sports betting, you get 5 times more, for live casino 10 times less, and for non-live table games, you get 20 times less.

Even at the highest levels, this rakeback isn't high . For example, the best rakeback bonus we have is 10% for all players without wagering from Stake.com Casino .

While each achievement doesn't bring a reward on its own, combinations do. A Combo-achievement is achieved when you get all achievements in a single game within a month. When that happens, you get a $50 no deposit bonus.

After you make a Combo-achievement and make a deposit, win a lottery, and win a tournament, you get an additional $100 no deposit bonus and a 100% bonus, although winning both the lottery and the tournament isn't as easy as it sounds.

When you collect Combo-achievements in three different games, you get another $100 no deposit + a 100% match bonus. If you get five combos in a month, you get a $200 no deposit bonus + a 200% match bonus.

There is also a sports option, where you have sports betting achievements, which bring you a $20 bonus for unlocking all single-bet achievements and $35 for unlocking all combo bet achievements.

On top of it all, all achievements get cleared every month, so you can do them multiple times in case you have a favorite game and enjoy completing achievements for it!

In a way, this is a loyalty program within a loyalty program. It's not the cheapest, to be honest, but if you mean to play, this is something that can give you 'purpose'.

If you want to compare, BetFury and BC.Game also use achievements, or 'tasks', to reward players, although they do it a bit differently.

The first time I saw a bonus shop was at Cloudbet Casino . While they actually enabled you to assemble and buy bonuses, the bonus shop at Bons Casino is a bit different.

To see all the different bonus shops in crypto casinos (and there aren't many!), I wrote a special post just on this topic.

This bonus shop actually sells bonus rounds on some slot games. For example, you can buy a bonus round on the Big Bad Wolf slot with spin values from $0.5 to $2.5 with no wagering.

There are different games available, and while these bonus rounds aren't the cheapest ($20 - $150), they might pay off nicely if you manage to score a big win there!

While Bons Casino starts with high wagering requirements on the welcome bonuses, everything else looks very nice, and although some bonuses could be higher, the number of promotions makes it all worth it. However, what I like most is that everything is at hand and written clearly . I'm used to surfing the terms to even find out what promotions are available. There is no need to even open the terms for using bonuses in Bons!

Bons Casino doesn't use bonus codes for their returning player promotions, although you can get a bonus code for an exclusive bonus, like our exclusive 50 free spins with a 20x wagering requirement!

Bons Casino doesn't have the largest game collection, but they definitely offer one of the best user experiences when it comes to finding and playing games in the casino!

They offer over 2200 games from more than 70 game providers . You can find everything, from Bitcoin slots to live games, and even 'crypto games' like Plinko , Bitcoin dice , and crypto crash games .

I have to be honest, I'm used to casino lobbies with ultra-modern graphics and layouts, so my first impression of Bons Casino was a bit like, "Oh dear, what am I in for?" But when I started scrolling around, I quickly saw that although they could work on their visual aspect more, they apparently rather focused on user experience, which not many casinos can say!

They use 3D blocky, Minecraft-like graphics for their banners, while other icons are simple, rounded, one-color lines, which doesn't exactly fit together in my mind, but I'm not a designer, so what do I know.

The first thing that got my interest was their game filtering. And it only got better from there on. We prepared a detailed guide about detailed game filtering in crypto casinos that you can look at and compare Bons against other top performers.

You have three main categories of Bons Casino: Sports, Casino, and Live Casino. 'Casino' is the main casino lobby and further branches into categories where most have something to do with slots, like Megaways , bonus-buy , jackpots , etc.

There are also 'Tables' where you can find non-live table games, and 'Other' that include crash games, dice games, and similar.

By choosing a category from the 'Games' menu, you get a green filter button at the top of the page, allowing you to choose games by volatility, game providers, categories, themes, and even games featured in the tournaments filter!

This is definitely one of the most refined filters I have ever seen in crypto casinos! In fact, the only thing that's missing is information about the RTP of games, although I wouldn't expect that to be in the filter, as much as somewhere around each game's thumbnail.

Then, as you open a game, you see icons on top of the game window which allow you to split your screen into 2 or four slots where each can host a different game, allowing you to see and play up to 4 games at once!

This is a feature that's only available on desktops for obvious reasons, but still a nice addition.

In case you open a game that's included in a tournament or some other activity in the casino, the right sidebar on desktop will show you more options to buy bonuses, how much to bet, ...

This is a unique feature I haven't seen anywhere else. Obviously, you can always open 4 tabs in a browser on desktop and resize them to see them all, but some casinos don't allow more than one session at once, so good luck with that.

The only problem I had was that some games in the split view started to automatically jump into full-screen when opened. I guess there are still glitches, but I still like this idea!

Then, if you open the Live Casino and start scrolling games, you will see that Bons Casino provides you with lots of very useful information for each live game, like the game language, the dealer name, bet limits, and the number of players currently in the game.

In my opinion, this makes choosing games a breeze compared to just looking at thumbnails that tell you nothing apart from the name of the game.

Only a few of the most established casinos get game providers to develop games exclusively for their casinos, and Bons Casino is one such casino. You can find multiple exclusive games, usually by searching for "Bons".

Overall, definitely one of the best gaming experiences I had in crypto casinos ! I usually take the number of games a casino offers as an important factor of how good the casino is in this category because there is usually not much more to take into account due to the lack of features. But in Bons they have really outdone themselves!

The lobby is a classic dark gray and also has the bets feed where you can see bets from other players and copy them.

Usually, there aren't many sports promotions to be found in Bitcoin bookies like this, but Bons proves that that's not always the case. Basically all the promotions (apart from the tournaments that apply only to casino games), you can use all bonuses and promotions that are listed in the bonuses section of this Bons Casino review.

Perhaps the best sports bonus option is the 500% first deposit bonus which you can couple with the 10 € free bet .

Bons Casino is a hybrid casino , meaning it accepts both crypto and fiat currencies. You can deposit in 9 different cryptocurrencies and almost 20 fiat currencies , or around 20 payment methods. You can find the list of all accepted payments in the details section of this Bons Casino review.

Accessing Bons through a VPN isn't a problem. In fact, you can visit the site without it even from the restricted countries, but you can't signup or sign in that way.

While there are surely things Bons Casino could improve on, the long list of unique features they have compared to most crypto casinos that have none makes me turn a blind eye to any small imperfections. And I think that's fine. I'd rather support casinos that try to serve something new and different than copy-paste casinos that do nothing and call themselves the number 1 crypto casino.

First, there are the unique promotions like the achievements and the bonus shop . Then you have detailed game filtering , split view on desktop , and a dditional game info in the live casino .

Some games I opened in the split view were jumping into full-screen mode on their own upon opening, which is a glitch, I suppose. And the promotions could be sorted better across the website because there are so many of them it's hard to keep track.

But nevertheless, these are sweet problems because none actually affect your gameplay, and all apply to unique features that would make the experience much more mundane if they weren't there.

The website itself isn't among the fastest, but there are no annoying pop-ups , everything works on mobile, and there is even an Android app ! You can find it by going to the 'Bons App' from the casino footer. Bons Casino says there that they have an Android and IOS mobile app, but the file they give you to download is an .apk file, which is only compatible with Android devices.

Bons Casino belongs among anonymous crypto casinos , requiring only your email to signup and play. However, they reserve the right to additional KYC if you request a withdrawal for more than $1,000. There is even a setting in your profile under Privacy where you can choose how they introduce themselves in case they ever call you. I thought this was a bit much, but then again, I don't use work phones where anyone could be tapping in :) You can deposit in 9 different cryptocurrencies or use one of more than 20 payment methods to deposit fiat. The deposit limits they use are friendly enough, although keep in mind that they use payment providers even for crypto payments, which means there are some fees involved.

Using 3rd party payment providers for crypto transactions is also the reason why not all cryptocurrencies have the same payment limits. Among crypto, you'll be best off using USDT, or Neteller for fiat transactions.

So keep this in mind in case you deposit and win on your first bet.

Bons Casino has a newsletter which you are automatically signed up for as you register. They also have one of the most detailed settings for this in the profile settings, where you can set not only whether to get emails or not, but even which topics interest you.

To be honest, I didn't exactly test this to see whether any of that is actually taken into account, but it's interesting to see that they went that far.

When it comes to promotions , Bons is definitely one of the best choices you can make. With countless tournaments, contests, lottery, achievements, and bonuses, you will never run out of promotions to use!

There is also a loyalty program , which isn't VIP, but is still nice, giving you the opportunity to get better bonuses, priority support, and an account manager. It's also not too difficult to climb levels, but you can lose them if you don't keep wagering, which is a downside considering most casinos don't do this.

Bons Casino has a 7-tiered loyalty program, and like many other things, they have some unique conditions here as well.

There are basically four things you can get in the loyalty program: a higher cashback, a higher rakeback, priority support, and an account manager.

The numbers in brackets are how much you must wager to get to the level. Monthly or weekly cashback comes with a wagering requirement, and you must deposit a part of the amount you're about to get first before you can claim the cashback.

However, there is another catch. You can't simply wager $100,000, become a Gold member, and just keep the title. This is what the terms say:

Your status is determined by the sum of bets made within the current month and two months with the highest total bet values out of your latest 4-month activity. 100% of real money bets and 10% of bonus money bets are taken into account.

This means that you must keep wagering in order to keep your current status. If you fail to do so, your status gets frozen for 30 days, in which you have the chance to wager enough to un-freeze the status.

The cashback applies to non-live casino games, although you can get it also for live casino and for sports betting, but the percentages are lower there (5-10% for live casino and 5-12.5% for sports).

The rakeback, or 'rebate', as Bons calls it, gives you the percentages written above for slots, 10 times less for live games, 20 times less for non-live table games, and 5 times more for sports betting. However, even if you get a 1.25% rakeback on sports betting, it's still much lower than our highest rakeback offer of 10% by Stake Casino .

This loyalty program is accessible enough to climb levels. However, I don't like the fact that you must keep going at it to keep them. I know I really have no reason to demand fixed levels because this is meant as a reward for players who mean to play anyway. But the fact that most casinos don't have such a limitation makes me feel I can get better conditions, reasonable or not.

You can contact Bons Casino via live chat or by submitting a contact form on their website.

They use an interesting live chat app that, like the rest of the casino, looks like it's from the 70's but functions very well. It allows you to open only the chat in a new window, which technically lets you chat with support while not being in the casino at all. I'm still trying to figure out why that would be useful, but it's definitely another unique thing about Bons Casino.

The agents reply very fast (under a minute!), stay on point, and talk to you like a normal person. There is also no bot to go through, so you can be sure you'll get the help you need as fast as possible.

Unfortunately, responsible gaming isn't one of Bons Casino's strong suits. While you can find a responsible gambling page in their footer with a few links to some of the organizations, there are no tools to be found in the casino itself. They do mention self-exclusion but give no information on how to set it in case a player needs it.

Bons Casino uses social media like Twitter, Facebook, and Telegram, although they have none linked from their website, so tread carefully if you're going to look for them. A lot of times, random people open scam profiles to take you god knows where.

===== Cloudbet review =====

Cloudbet started as a crypto-only casino and sports betting site in 2013. Despite adding some fiat currencies, they managed to keep all advantages of a crypto-focused casino. Using their own casino software , they stand out with quite a few custom features that can’t be found in most other casinos. Whether it’s playing live RTP games , building custom bonuses in the Cloudbet Marketplace, or taking part in their bug bounty program , you can find something to suit your fancy in this Cloudbet review.

The only thing that I believe they failed in is their welcome bonuses . Although high, there are few with very high and complicated wagering.

They offer very few ongoing in-house promotions (most casinos have at least 2 weekly promotions).

Cloudbet is somewhat unique when it comes to bonus offers. They have a welcome bonus, however, only one. They have plenty of options for returning players , but again not the 'regular' frequent ones like weekly reloads. They have something they call the Marketplace , which is a fantastic invention, in my opinion. Their bonus conditions, in general, aren't bad, but the first deposit bonus is a wrong choice .

The bonus by default doesn't include any free spins, however, if you sign up using the links on Gamblineers, you can get exclusive 100 free spins with 30x wagering for 50 min. deposit.

You see, Cloudbet doesn't give you a straightforward number. Instead, you have to wager your deposit first, and for every specific amount wagered, you will get a part of your match bonus unlocked. The money is yours after the bonus is unlocked, with no further wagering. This is the formula they use to calculate when and how your bonus unlocks:

For every 150 points collected, you get $20 of the bonus released. It's hard to imagine what this means for you regarding wagering, so allow me to turn this formula around and explain.

The formula above tells you that games with a lower house edge will bring you fewer points, which makes sense since you risk less. Let's say you deposit $20. Playing a game with an average RTP of 96% will earn 150 points by wagering $4,687.5. In other words, you must wager your deposit about 234x before your bonus is released. Needless to say, this is a huge number !

While the bonus itself looks impressive at first sight (this is the highest crypto first deposit, by the way), the wagering requirements are a no-go for me. I suggest you skip this bonus and move straight to their regular offers, which are much better.

You can get 20 free spins every Tuesday by depositing at least 20 €. The wagering is only 25x, which is one of the lowest numbers you can find for deposit free spins!

Apart from that, there are no bonuses that you can get weekly or monthly. However, as a returning player, you have access to the Marketplace, where you can buy preset bonuses or even customize your own! The latter is a unique and fantastic feature because it lets you choose whatever works best for you. You can choose:

The requirements to buy these bonuses aren't very low, but once you have the bonuses, the conditions are excellent! More about how the Marketplace works in the loyalty section of the Cloudbet casino review .

If you're a player who likes to customize your bonuses or doesn't mind if you don't play with many bonuses, then Cloudbet is a fine choice. If you want a normal welcome bonus and weekly promotions without extra fuss on the other hand, then I suggest another casino. FortuneJack is the leading casino for crypto casino bonuses, for example.

You will find all the popular RNG and live games (slots, poker, roulette, blackjack, baccarat)!

Cloudbet hosts more than 2,500 games from over 80 providers , a wide selection of casino and live casino games, and sports and esports matches. The number of games isn't among the highest you can find, but unless you're looking for something obscure and specific, 2500 games should be more than enough.

The casino lobby is dark-themed with the classical look of a betting site. You can quickly see they use their own software and have a unique look completely customized to their needs. This is the first sign of a potentially good casino because you can expect some special features and none of that copy-paste casino stuff.

I love that they display RTP for every game . You have plenty of game categories, and there are even live RTP games, which show live RTP statistics , another feature that most casinos don't have. You can change the casino's theme from dark to light or 'classic,' which is a bit more blueish grey. Everything works seamlessly.

Despite the few games available, Cloudbet is among the top crypto casinos in game filtering . If you're into 'crypto games like bitcoin crash or dice, they have a provably fair games menu, displaying Spribe games. I'm not sure why only Spribe games and why these games say that they are from Cloudbet. Maybe Spribe customized their games a bit for Cloudbet.

All games can be played for free, you can favorite your games and see your game history from the menu.

Sports and eSports are both accessed from the main menu. Cloudbet offers just under 30 different sports and over 10 eSports . The lobby is dark and modern, with a collapsable menu, giving you more space to show the main content.

Cloudbet's website is built a bit differently, so to set the odds format, you must head to your account preferences. You can also toggle instant casino games there to show in the sports section or not. The idea is to give you a couple of games to play while waiting for the next match to begin. The games run without changing the page you're on.

As a primarily crypto casino, Cloudbet includes a very short list of restricted countries , over 15 languages, and almost 30 cryptocurrencies , which is more than most crypto casinos! The latter is another consequence of having their own casino software where they aren't limited by adding or removing currencies and third-party payment providers adding fees to crypto payments.

You can see the list of all their accepted payment methods, restricted countries, and languages in the Cloudbet review details section at the bottom.

The website is among the fastest. Everything works seamlessly, no annoying pop-ups and all information is readily available. Unfortunately, no Cloudbet mobile app exists , but the website works great on mobile. If you're set on using an app for your casino, you can check our best mobile crypto casinos guide.

While all information can be found either in the menu, the website's footer, or your account, it's worth pointing out that the live chat doesn't have a floating icon in a corner like we're used to. Instead, live chat is one of the options under your profile.

Cloudbet has a bug bounty program , another unique and fantastic idea where you can let the casino know if you spotted anything out of order and get rewarded for it! I love such innovations that show that the casino cares how good a user experience players have. So far, this is the first time I've seen anything like this.

You need to wager your deposit amount only once before being eligible for a withdrawal.

As you see, staying anonymous at Cloudbet isn't an issue. There is also no option to give up any more personal information anywhere in your profile section or elsewhere on the site, making Cloudbet one of the most anonymous crypto casinos ! The only other casino where I've come across this is Bspin . If you're looking to take things even further, you can check our recommendation of the best Cloudbet VPN for even better security and anonymity. After signing up, you can either use the Deposit button or head to your wallet to make a deposit. You can choose among almost 30 cryptocurrencies , buy crypto with MoonPay , or deposit USD or JPY to play with fiat. Although Cloudbet added some fiat payment options, they managed to keep their payment limitations friendly:

One of blockchain technology's main perks is unlimited transactions and low fees, which Cloudbet leverages nicely. This makes Cloudbet one of the best crypto casinos in terms of payment limitations. You can find withdrawal fees for all currencies in the website's footer, transparency most casinos won't give you straight up like this.

Support is one of the best and will sure take care of all your needs!

You're automatically signed up to receive emails from Cloudbet as you register as a player. It's not actually a newsletter because there is no periodic emailing. Instead, you will be notified of any new promotions concerning you. However, nothing frequent or pushy as some casinos do. There is also a website inbox where you can get notified on Cloudbet's website, so make sure to keep an eye out for that. There is also a blog with lots of posts and news. Besides offering information about their matches or games, they also post tutorials, previews, betting strategies, and guides about cryptocurrencies.

Regarding returning player promotions, Cloudbet is, again, unique. Apart from the weekly free spins , you have the Marketplace that you can use anytime to buy bonuses with your loyalty points. There is no guarantee that this can bring you lots of bonuses on a weekly or monthly basis unless you're a high roller who spends a lot. So if you'd like to receive weekly reloads, free spins, and cashbacks, then Cloudbet will not be your best choice. Instead, maybe turn to FortuneJack , they have handled this well.

Their live chat support is excellent. They are really fast to respond, friendly, professional, and you can feel that they care. Whenever I asked them anything, I got back more than I expected, so hats down to them! In my opinion, They also use the best live chat app, allowing you to browse their blog while chatting and see your past conversations.

Even when it comes to the loyalty program, Cloudbet managed to stay unique by offering something else apart from bonuses through their Marketplace. If you want it, of course, you can always stick to bonuses. The program is explained in the VIP section of the Cloudbet casino review.

Cloudbet’s loyalty program comprises 6 levels named after precious metals and rocks. Unfortunately, there is no information on exact level-up requirements, and collecting loyalty points is somewhat more complex than in most other crypto casinos. However, I think their program is still nice and fair.

As usual, you collect loyalty points (LP) by wagering on your favorite casino games or making sports bets. Your loyalty level is calculated separately for casino and sports , so you will be at a different level in the casino if you play mostly casino games than sports betting.

Every game will require a different bet amount to receive one point, depending on the game's RTP. There is no exact information on Cloudbet about this, but I've done my math homework again, and I can tell you that there is an exponential dependency between the wager amount and the RTP. But in general, around 6.25 € is required to get 1 point if you're playing games with high RTP of around 96%.

The higher your level, the faster you earn points because each level brings a higher loyalty point multiplier.

These points are then used to level you up, and you can spend them in the Marketplace to buy bonuses or exclusive rewards like jewelry, cars, or getaways ! The most unique option in the Marketplace is that you can customize your bonuses to purchase, meaning the number of free spins, bet amount, which game to use the spins on, wagering requirement, and more! No other casino has this, and I think it is a great idea on behalf of Cloudbet.

They could, however, lower the prices of these rewards. You'll accumulate points anyway if you're playing regularly, but don't expect daily or weekly bonuses without turning in some considerable sums!

Keep in mind that if you don't make a real money bet, you will move down one level in 30 days. Similarly, you will lose all your loyalty points if you don't make a real money bet in 3 months.

Live chat agents give usefull and to the point answers and they are both professional and friendly. You have to talk to a bot before getting to an agent.

You can contact Cloudbet via email or use the live chat . There is no hovering live chat icon in the website's corner like you might be used to. Instead, you can find it under your profile.

In my opinion, Cloudbet uses the best live chat app , which lets you access blog while you're chatting, stores all your chat history, and generally works really well.

You must talk to a bot before being redirected to an agent, but as soon as you ask something above the basic questions, the bot will recognize that it doesn't know the answer and redirect you, so it's not annoying .

Agents are very friendly and professional and give away the feeling like they really care. This is one of the few occasions where I mostly got out more from support than I expected.

There is no FAQ for the casino in general, but you can find separate sections explaining either loyalty program, payment fees, responsible gaming, complaints, etc. Most of these can be found in the website footer. There is a blog , though, and you can find most things explained there.

Like in most casinos with their own software, responsible gaming tools could be more readily available in Cloudbet. Cloudbet offers only the very basic, self-exclusion, and you must contact support to do so.

Cloudbet has profiles on Twitter, Bitcointlk forum and Discord. While they are very scarcely active on the forum, you can find gambling news and promotions on their Twitter account, and promotions and website updates on Discord.

===== Crocoslots Casino review =====

If you’re looking for a no-fluff Crocoslots casino review, you’re in the right place! I signed up, tested everything, and documented the experience from start to finish.

And the live chat experience was especially impressive. I asked about one of their promos and got a clear, friendly answer in under a minute.

Throughout this Crocoslots casino review, I will walk you through everything – signup, payments, bonuses, support, and more. If you’re wondering whether this casino site is worth your crypto, I’ve got the answers .

If you’re Bitcoin casino bonus hunting, Crocoslots makes a wild first impression . And you’re in luck because I’ve got an exclusive offer for you !

When you sign up through Gamblineers, you can claim the HUGE 200 free spins just by confirming your email and typing in the code GMBL200 in your bonuses menu. This amount of free spins is great to get you going. I made sure Crocoslots greets you with a hug.

Just be sure to have a FIAT currency selected in your wallet, as this no deposit bonus is FIAT only.

You can also claim a 150% bonus up to €1,000 + 100 free spins .

If you stick around and climb the VIP ladder, Crocoslots rewards loyalty daily . Once you hit Silver , you unlock daily reload bonuses with up to 50% match depending on your status:

These VIP boosts aren’t bad, especially once you hit Diamond , where the wagering is far more manageable.

Crocoslots adds some excitement with its Croco Hunt , offering prize-packed “eggs” based on how many deposits you make each day.

Each egg can hatch free spins or real money rewards , and you only get one egg per day . Free spins land on random games, and all rewards come with the same 45x wagering . Only deposits of $20+ count , so don’t try to cheat the system with micro-deposits.

It’s a fun concept, and there’s real value if you’re a high-frequency depositor . Just don’t expect instant rewards unless you’re ready to drop serious crypto daily .

You’ll keep getting offers at Crocoslots long after your welcome bonuses run out. But you might need to do some digging first.

I only found out about the Cashback Hunt after reaching out to support. It’s technically listed on the promotions page, but there’s no button or banner leading you to it. After a few confusing exchanges, the agent told me to “scroll down” on the main page. I eventually found the promotion buried among the slot thumbnails . Who'd've thought, right?

The max cashback per day also scales with your VIP tier, starting at €500 and capping at €5,000. The bonus is issued automatically but must be activated within 24 hours.

There’s also a full VIP program with reload bonuses, tournaments, and a personal host, but I’ll cover that separately. For now, just know that regulars do get rewarded here. You just might need a map and a magnifying glass to find it.

If you’re a high roller, Crocoslots could be a great match with big match bonuses, a fun daily egg system , and VIP reloads.

Looking for a wager free Bitcoin casino bonus ? Check out my exclusive offer over at Stupid Casino now, where you’ll find a 100% deposit bonus up to $300 + 50 free spins !

Crocoslots gives you access to over 8,000 games from just under 100 providers , which makes for a stacked and colorful lobby. The game selection is massive, but don’t expect much originality outside of the layout.

Each category is clearly labeled, the thumbnails are bright and smooth, and the search bar lets you filter by provider . That helps when you’re hunting down specific games like Mental 2 , Sweet Bonanza 1000 , or Lucky Tiger Plinko .

There’s no section for provably fair games and no indicator that any titles use blockchain verification. If provable fairness is important to you, I recommend checking out Crypto-Games.io . They treat transparency seriously and let you verify every result using server and client seed data.

You also won’t find any in-house games here. Everything comes from third-party studios like Pragmatic Play, BGaming , Play’n GO, Hacksaw, Popiplay, and Relax Gaming . If you want exclusive titles or original content, BC.Game offers over 35 in-house and branded games , including Bitcoin live casino tables you won’t see anywhere else.

You can access Crocoslots in just under 10 languages , including English, German, Norwegian, and Canadian French. The site blocks users from well over 100 countries , including the UK, USA, and most of the EU.

The site layout looks great and works just as well on mobile. Navigation is fast, clean, and the category filters in the game lobby actually help. I really like the vibrant theme with pops of color that stay easy on the eyes. Fonts are sharp and readable, and the overall design feels modern and polished.

You can download an in-browser app that opens Crocoslots in its own window for a cleaner experience. It’s a cool addition, especially if you’re the kind of person who prefers less clutter.

One thing I loved? If you click away during a support chat, a small pop-up keeps the conversation visible in another window . That’s a genuinely useful touch that I haven’t seen elsewhere.

The casino specifically warns against using one to bypass geo-restrictions . So if you’re outside the approved regions, you’re not getting in.

Signing up at Crocoslots is fast, but you’ll be handing over personal info from the start. You’ll need to provide a phone number upon registration as well as your country of residence . And while KYC isn’t required upfront , the casino makes it clear that you won’t be able to withdraw until you pass verification . They can also lock your account if you don’t respond within two weeks of a withdrawal request. You may even be contacted by phone. Crocoslots supports a decent list of fiat and crypto payment methods. You’ll find:

But be careful if you’re on the hunt for a top-tier Tether casino . Crocoslots only accepts ERC20 addresses , which can come with steep gas fees. If you want cheaper blockchain support, Coinplay accepts TRC20 and BEP20 , and this can be much easier on your wallet. There’s also a “Buy Crypto” tab, but it just opens the deposit screen. You can’t actually purchase or exchange crypto through the site. Here’s what to expect from deposit and withdrawal limits: Crocoslots Payment Limits

I’d consider these limits low compared to other crypto casinos . If you’re looking for higher withdrawal caps , you’ll have better luck at Rakebit , which has a monthly cap of $50,000. What bugs me most is the 3x wagering requirement on every deposit , even if you skip the bonus. That’s higher than the industry average. If you want a simpler experience with just 1x wagering , BitStarz Casino is a better choice .

When you register at Crocoslots, you’ll be automatically added to their promotional newsletter . It’s a useful way to stay in the loop about reloads, free spins, and tournaments. If you ever want out, you can unsubscribe through your account settings or contact support.

There’s an ongoing loyalty program , but unless you’re wagering regularly, the rewards build slowly. You’ll get daily reloads, some free spins, and bigger bonuses as you move up the tiers.

These bonuses are decent, but they do feel limited if you're not already part of the VIP system . If you want a casino that keeps rewarding you no matter how much you deposit, Coins.Game offers more frequent promos.

As for support, I actually had a positive experience . The live agent was responsive and helpful, which was a nice surprise. I’ll share more details in the dedicated support section.

Crocoslots runs a four-tier VIP program built around Croco Coins (CC) , which you earn while playing any real money slot or live game.

You’ll earn 1 CC for every $20 wagered on slots or $200 on live games . Once you start climbing the ranks, you’ll also get boosted coin generation rates , making it faster to reach the higher levels.

If you’re a high-volume player, the Diamond perks are impressive , but the mid-tier grind may feel long. In terms of uniqueness, Crocoslots offers decent personalization and flashy reloads , but brands like BC.Game and Thunderpick offer more variety, bigger in-house rewards, and a better sense of progress from the start.

If you like the idea of having a VIP host and getting rewarded with instant reloads , Crocoslots might be worth trying. Just don’t expect standout benefits until you hit the higher levels.

Crocoslots offers 24/7 live chat support through a small green icon in the bottom-right corner of the site. There’s no chatbot or AI filter , so you’re instantly connected to a real person.

When I reached out to live support, I was chatting with a support agent within one minute. The response was polite, friendly, and informative . I appreciated the casual tone and fast replies . It felt like someone who actually works there and knows what’s going on.

Another bonus? If you switch tabs or leave the site, a pop-up invites you to continue the chat in a separate window . That’s rare, and it makes multitasking easier without losing your conversation.

There’s also an FAQ page and an email option at support@crocoslots.com , though I found live chat to be the fastest and easiest route.

Crocoslots gives you the tools to manage your play responsibly , and you can handle most of it yourself from your account settings.

You’ll find a dedicated “Personal Limits” section inside your account. This lets you control your habits without needing to contact support. You can set:

You can lower limits instantly. If you want to raise them, you’ll need to confirm by email and wait until the current limit expires. If you prefer, you can also ask support to help you set or adjust these tools by emailing support@crocoslots.com .

Important: If you self-exclude, you’ll need to email support to get your remaining balance back. KYC may still be required before funds are released.

Need help staying in control? Visit my Responsible Gambling guide for more tips, tools, and where to find support if you need it.

I couldn’t find any social media accounts or community channels linked anywhere on the Crocoslots site.

If being part of a more active, engaged casino community matters to you, check out Justbit Casino instead . It’s one of the most active crypto casinos on social platforms.

===== Mond Casino review =====

Mond Casino is a very modern, clean and easy to use casino with excellent support . You can play with over 10 different cryptocurrencies, or with fiat. Established in 2021, Mond Casino is regulated and licenced by the Government of Curacao.

They could offer more ongoing in-house promotions (the best casinos offer at least 8 every week).

You can enter the bonus code by going to your profile – bonuses – promotional code.

You will find all the popular RNG and live games (slots, poker, roulette, blackjack, baccarat)!

The lobby is very attractive, in dark grey and blue, the sidebar on the left makes the website very clear and easy to navigate, and Mond casino’s games are divided into separate categories : all, new, jackpot, megaways & multiways, bonusbuy, table games, virtual games, video bingo, video poker, video slots, scratch cards , and favorite games. You can also filter games by providers.

You can view your betting history in the account and you can find RTP for each game under the “i” icon when you hover over a game’s thumbnail. The website works really well on mobile as well.

Mond casino website is available in 4 languages. They have a list of some restricted countries (around 40). Mond offers payment in both fiat and cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum and more.

You need to wager your deposit amount only once before being eligible for a withdrawal.

The sign up process is medium long and requires the following personal information: email, username, password, currency, country, birth date, gender. Email must be confirmed before you can access the account.

At Mond casino you can pay in 15 different currencies: in 9 cryptocurrencies and in 6 fiat currencies. This also means you can change which currency you play with.

Support is one of the best and will sure take care of all your needs!

Mond casino has many returning player promotions – from bonuses to cashback and free spins. They offer a loyalty program with several benefits fort their most devoted players. Mond casino also offers good support options: email address, a form on their website, and a 24/7 live chat with very friendly and helpful agents.

Mond casino has a loyalty membership , but they don’t provide any exact information how to get in.

Additionally, they offer a loyalty cashback bonus : here, you collect points to exchange them for real money (you can claim the loyalty cashback once per day up to 200 €).

Live chat agents give usefull and to the point answers and they are both professional and friendly.

Mond casino has a 24/7 live chat, but you can also contact them via email or via a form on their website.

Their live chat is very easy to use (no additional info required when logged into your account). The response is quick and the agents are very friendly, polite and generally do well to answer your questions.

You can enable the features by contacting the support (although there may be an option to enable them yourself in your account once it has been validated – Mond casino gives instructions in their FAQ to enable these features yourself, but the links they list are not available in the account).

Mond casino is a fairly new casino so they are not on any social media yet – but they claim that they will be active on Instagram and Twitter soon.